Add a note about using Samba to join AD realm (#2315)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enrolling-server-with-the-ad-server.adoc

----
# realm join -v _EXAMPLE.ORG_ --membership-software=samba -U Administrator
----
+

> NOTE: You must use the Samba client software to enroll with the AD server, else you will be unable to create the HTTP keytab in xref:Configuring_Direct_AD_Integration_with_GSS_Proxy_{context}[].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You must use the Samba client software to enroll with the AD server to be able to create the HTTP keytab in xref:Configuring_Direct_AD_Integration_with_GSS_Proxy_{context}[].
```
